feat(jobs): improve retries (#6703)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-jobs/concepts.mdx

## Retries

Retries refer to the automatic re-execution of a failed job run. You can configure Serverless Jobs to automatically retry a job run after up to five failed attempts.

A retry is triggered when all the following conditions are met:

- The job run reaches the `failed` [Status](#status).
- The configured retry count is greater than zero.

> - The job run exits with a non-zero exit code.

Reviewer: This is confusing to me. I am not sure what has changed or was not clear in the previous version. But if we really want to add this, we need to define what is a `retry count`.

```suggestion
A retry is triggered when all the following conditions are met:

- The job run does not succeed and exits with an exit code other than zero.
- The maximum number of retry attempts has not been reached.
```
